Major Update (#268)
NilPointer-Software/bdfd-wiki: src/bdscript/onlyIfMessageContains.md

> $onlyIfMessageContains[text;indexes;errorMessage]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
$onlyIfMessageContains[message;word;...;errorMessage]
```

```

### Parameters 

> - `text` `(Type : String || Flag : Emptiable)` : The text to check.
> - `indexes` `(Type : String || Flag : Emptiable)` : The phrases that the text must contain, separate phrases using `;`.
> - `errorMessage` `(Type : String || Flag : Emptiable)` : The message that is returned if the text doesn't contain all the provided indexes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `message` `(Type: String || Flag: Emptiable)`: The text to check.
- `word` `(Type: String || Flag: Emptiable)`: The words that the message must contain. Separate words using `;`.
- `errorMessage` `(Type: String || Flag: Emptiable)`: The message that is returned if the text doesn't contain all the provided words.
```
